we are almost ready entering mister
brooks or
Attention
will give you the game heading in the
Bolivarian armed force classic 3.200
meters season 2014 already comedian is
taking the first place attacks tony will be
on the outside and nor ter brooks or
He also gets into the fight when they go to
cover thus the first 400 meters is
dominating the horse mister brooks or
comedian runs to a body in the
second in the third is advancing
tony will then be Pedro Miguel and the mare
weening ante in the last place
good yes to cover the first 400
meters left 20 5 seconds the 26
seconds and a fifth in the first 400
and very content comedians dominates the
race to mister brooks or run in the
second place in the third is
advancing tony is seen in the room
place runs on the outside the
horse is Pedro Miguel finishing the
it came to wind the first to the last and some
12 bodies comedian very content by
kings bouquets dominates when they approach
the last curve for the first time
comedian dominating the race in the
second place is attacking tony dine
whether it was Mr. Brush or Pedro Miguel
run in the room and now wind and it
it's getting into the fight when they come in
in the final stretch for the first time in the
Bolivarian armed forces of 1009
2014 is dominating comedian the
horse race authorize lavín to
pursue it meanwhile in the third
place is advancing mister brooks or
Pedro Miguel very close in the room
together with wing the compact platoon
when they pass in front of us in 117 of
the 2200 meters and comedian the champion
dominate
So much toni will be placed half body
in the second in the third before Pedro
Miguel wing and went to the room and stayed
Mr. Wood on the last place
start the second round go to the post
2,600 meters with comedian dominating the
race and toni you will be chasing him to a
body in the second place while
both in the third step pedro miguel
about Pedro Miguel then weening and he's
abandoning the horse mister brooks or
they will continue again to look for the straight
in front and comedians is dominating
the race is comedian is in the
tip while the second
continues the tony horse will be
approaching the 2,200 meter pole
dominator comedian and will not let him
escape and remains body and a half
in the second place
The horse Pedro Miguel runs about eight
in the third then weening and mister
brooks is in the last place both
one thousand meters in two minutes and eight
seconds three fifths and this comedian
taking advantage of two bodies on the
tony horse will see that he is in the
second place wind and the mare went to
third Pedro Miguel remains in the room
mister fought no account is dominating
comedy
already brings three bodies the horse
comedian when they are approaching already
to the pole of the final 500 meters
comedian 35 36 7 body meanwhile
is attacking from the bottom wing is
well to look for the second place over
historicize fairies when they come to the
last curve comedian with 10 12 enter
in the final stretch and the classic strength
armada bolivariana 2014 has a name
comedian can not miss brings so
minus 80 meters on the Gallic tip when
the comedian horse meanwhile
came to wind in well moving on outside
for the second impressive
sensational comedian's victory in
the armed force wins them comedian
won comedian for 35 bodies in the
second weening the third place is for
the four tony will be penultimate last
Pedro Miguel is coming and left the
load mister bruzzo
what kind of gallop of this horse
comedian won for 100 meters